README.md, before:

# ABM-1st-Coursework

Brief explanation of the files and their content:
 
 - agentframework.py: includes the class Agent and all the useful methods.
 - animatedmodel.py: includes some global variables, reads the data from the 'in.csv' file to create the environment in which 
   agents interact with each other. It also comprises all the code required to produce the animation.
 - unittest_distance_between.py: Unittest for the "distance_between()" function.
 - tests.py: Testing functions using pytest library. 
 
 
 Follow the steps below in order to run the code:
 
 1) Run the "animatedmodel.py" file
 2) A window with the "Model" would appear and within this model:
 	- Type the number of agents and then press the button next to it labelled "Number of agents".
 	- Move the slider to choose a numerical value for the number of iterations and then press the button next to it labelled "Iteration number".
 3) On the top left corner there is a menu bar labelled "Model", click on it 
 4) Now click on the submenu labelled "Run model", this will run the model and the animated model should appear inside the "Model" window 
    (underneath the "Number of agents" and "Iteration number" buttons).
 
 There is also a GIF which shows all these steps on my webpage: https://riddaali.github.io

Commit message:

Added some details about Sphinx documentation

README.md, after:

##  ABM-1st-Coursework

#Brief explanation of the files and their content:
 
 - agentframework.py: includes the class Agent and all the useful methods.
 - animatedmodel.py: includes some global variables, reads the data from the 'in.csv' file to create the environment in which 
   agents interact with each other. It also comprises all the code required to produce the animation.
 - unittest_distance_between.py: Unittest for the "distance_between()" function.
 - tests.py: Testing functions using pytest library. 
 - Sphinx documentation files: (Makefile, make.bat, .rst, .py and html files)
 
 # Follow the steps below in order to run the code:
 
 1) Run the "animatedmodel.py" file
 2) A window with the "Model" would appear and within this model:
 	- Type the number of agents and then press the button next to it labelled "Number of agents".
 	- Move the slider to choose a numerical value for the number of iterations and then press the button next to it labelled "Iteration number".
 3) On the top left corner there is a menu bar labelled "Model", click on it 
 4) Now click on the submenu labelled "Run model", this will run the model and the animated model should appear inside the "Model" window 
    (underneath the "Number of agents" and "Iteration number" buttons).
 
 # There is also a GIF which shows all these steps on my webpage: https://riddaali.github.io
